High in this video let me tell a few words about the concrete applications of natural networks.
We have been talking about that it's very very important to know that we don't have to use natural networks
for problems that can be solved by well-defined algorithms for example numerical methods for example
RSA encoding for example shortest path algorithms and so on.
And there are well-defined deterministic algorithms for these kinds of problems but there are other
problems that cannot be solved so easily.
For example self-driving cars plus cars that are able to park themselves without human intervention.
There is no predefined algorithm for doing something like this.
And now our own network is able to learn how to be able to drive a car how to be able to park themselves
and so warm.
Or for example pattern recognition in the health care industry.
It can detect cancer or IDs orders well in advance.
It can be used for pattern detection in stock markets in order to predict stock prices.
It can be used for facial recognition or natural language processing.
And I think it's quite interesting to know that in the United Arab Emirates artificial intelligence
has been used to control traffic.
So our system has been created that intelligently calculates traffic mishaps.
We are constantly finding solutions to fix them.
So there may be several situations where a learning system we are now on network can prove to be very
very important.
Self-driving cars.
Natural Language Processing optical correct or recognition or control of traffic in the United Arab
Emirates.
We are going to talk a lot more about the concrete applications when we are going to implement them.
This video I just wanted to show you an overview that what are the applications of now networks banks
are watching.